hello and welcome to my first video
review currently reviewing quantum of
solace for the PlayStation 3 this game
is it's and pretty average shooter if
I'm brutally honest it's nothing
spectacular it's nothing really that
special the controls feel really tight
and as most of you will probably know it
runs on the call of duty 4 engine which
has proven itself time and time again
and it's just it is just an engine that
works especially for the multiplayer
side of things but I'll get on to that
later like I said the controls feel
really tight and responsive the weapons
feel quite good there aren't really
enough weapons for my taste that really
stand out it isn't particularly matter
what you use the enemy AI is pretty
average is not anything major they are
competent for what they do but generally
speaking they just run for cover and
hide and then try and blow you out oh
there's no flanking or anything like
that oh just 7 way to give got picked
off one by one it works for what it is
the single player isn't isn't the main
lure of the game for me the story is
very short for my taste I know it has to
be restricted obviously because of the
need for a film license and they have to
follow the story although the addition
of the casino royale sections to flush
out the game a little bit really do help
a lot with that when all's said and done
the single player is competent it's
enjoyable if you like first-person
shooters but it's not the best game you
will ever play this year it's no call of
duty for odd it's definitely and not
even close to anything like that has
come out recently apart from that of
them said the visuals are okay the
scenery looks pretty good it's nice
there are a few nice touches like
specific levels where you have to do
something context-sensitive like the
poisoning scene where you have to get to
your Aston before you die of the poison
that you get
from the poker game and stuff like that
but there's nothing really major it's a
bond game another going for the new
style of bond where Daniel Craig plays
the bond that's a lot more active and a
lot more hands-on before we really
became a double o agent and really
started to stretch his legs and become
this suave sophisticated type person so
for that if it's the need very well the
context sensitive path worked rather
well the boss fights at devons are
disappointing and the end of this story
is not worth it you've slogged through
all of the game and you think that
you're actually going to see something
spectacular at the end and it looks like
the setup for another mission then it
just cuts off which is a great
disappointment but for a game that you
either to rent at least you will get
some play time out of it and you'll get
some trophies from it which is nice but
when all is said and done it's not
really worth a purchase for the single
play on its own on its own merits
however when we get into the
nitty-gritty and where the game really
has legs the multiplayer is superb if
you like Goldeneye in any way shape or
form you will love this game it feels
like goldeneye for the noughties for the
2000s is just brilliant very enjoyable
good maps and me personally at first the
game had some like book this server
seemed to be fixed now and the server is
now going great and the Golden Gun is by
the golden gun mode is superb and
there's loads and loads of people
playing online all the time and it just
works it it's worth playing just for the
multiplayer on its own the single play
is nice for a prayer of a distraction
but when you get into it the multiplayer
itself is brilliant for the most part
the game modes are the typical affair
what you're used to seeing time and time
again from every first-person shooters
been out recently with the addition of
two modes that involve formed himself
and they are normally extraction based
modes one team at is mi6 with bond the
other team of the terrorists and you
have to get bond to their spawn point to
make an escape for me I felt these were
the
first part of the multiplayer they were
the weakest modes they didn't work that
well for me I wasn't a big fan of them
but the regular stuff the team
deathmatches and the golden growing
modes are just worth their weight in
gold for me they are so much fun to play
and I mean when all is said and done
this game is it's not for everybody if
you're a bond fan then yes if you're an
average casual shoot of fun then yes you
will probably get a lot of enjoyment out
of this if you're hardcore then you
might as well stick to your halo 3 and
you call it do is because it doesn't
really compete very well on that playing
field but for the bond fan and the film
buff which I'm sure most of us are the
game is very well made and very well
done for that and yeah I personally
enjoyed it but that's about all